# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
#### It Could be used to for a directory for historians on a scertain topic, such as people of interest, or places of interest; providing key summary information at a glance. Additionally it could be used to construct a FAQ on a topic of research.
## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
#### The professor has the responsibnility to mentor and guide their students in the development of the end product, which is the website in this case. The students should have the right to access and ammend the information they have contributed to the final product, at their descretion. At the end of the day the content contained within this site will have been published from a variety of different authors, who own the rights to the material which they have produced. 
## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
#### It is certainly limiting in terms of the layout and artistic bundaries of the project in terms of the fact that it limits the designer to a list format that they must abide to. Using a MD format may have allowed more freedom for the input of text responses, but would not have been as structured. 
